hello people are welcome more
video tutorial photoshop cs 6 na
Today's video lesson, let 's go
learning how to create an effect
take off we should get an image
like this
we will transform into several images
and the smaller images we will
unite again we 'll ride as if
sticking together and we're going
form the larger image again and will
give a very interesting effect
remembering that this effect can be
applied in previous versions of
photoshop photoshop cs5 and also this
effect can be done with any
image you can pick up your own
image and create its effect after having
chosen the image inserted in the adobe
photoshop cs 6 we will unlock the
our image by clicking here our call
background let's take two clicks
fabri this little window
We'll click ok and our image.
is unlocked
now we will create a copy of the
our original layer by pressing the
key account and dragging the button
new layers we will create a copy
of our image
let's select our right layer
again
press the button twice.
new layers
we want to create two layers layered 1 and
layer 2 here in layer 1
we go in our tool tin of
ink can select a black color and
let's paint her job as you
can see my class got totally
black and layer 2 we will relate
our rectangular sign tool
and let's zoom in on our image and
pressing the alt key and scrolling
mouse ball we're going to zoom in
let's select the part to part
want to form the best image
Like I said at the beginning, you sign this
part here
done that we will have new tools
brush and let's paint in black
You can see that in my class.
appear a black screen out there
done that
if you click on the copy of our layer we will
click the right button and go on
to create cutting masks
You can see it gave this effect here.
was all black and we again our
layer 1
Let's create a new layer of our
layer 3 and in this layer we will
re-select our
rectangular sign and let's create
again a selection around our
Image
done let's select in the
Brush tool and let's choose
a white color and let's paint in white
totally white as you can see
she became all white
now we must unite these three
layers
let's create a group to do that we
let's press the shift key
let's select these first three
layers and we will give one against the given g
g1 account
We are going to create a group or we are
group all of our images as if they were
we open here they go is inside
our group and we have to create a
copy of our group 1
for this we will press the key
against again
clicking and dragging to the
new layers we'll create a copy
of our group
Let's open it, let's select the
layer 2 is layer 3
we will right click and we will
in linking dogs bound in these
layers
We can already relate our
selection tool and create our
It is made
you can drag the image and
jumping wherever you want as you
can see our effect is being
created
we'll press against and ot
let's turn the little image for us
coolest
now every time we are going to create a
new image
we have to create a copy of our
group is this one by pressing the
it counts again pushing the button
of new layers
I re-created a copy in our
group and let's open it and we'll drag the
our image
we will create a new copy of copy 3 and
Let's open selection in layer 2 and let's
spend the image of 1 against the
t shirt did not spare the effect well
interesting and henceforth the
we every time we create a
effect we have to create a new
copy and let's select what our
layer 2 and we are creating our effect
I'll take a step here in the video lesson
I'm going to do it, I'll try to fill it out
this image if you are
I finished I will return back staff
As you can see I have created 23 new
more interesting groups and if you
you're finding your image very
small you can pinch the hired
He called paquin swearing it to the premium
Let me give you a new group
a copy if you are finding this
very small image
you can give one against time and
further enhance your smaller image
As you can see the man has more to
my image with is faster than
work but gives an effect does not
effect and a little more different
but it's cool, too, the staff
so this is it this was another video
class
If you liked the video, sign up.
on the channel
many thanks to all who attended the
a video lesson and said that until the next
video